November: the month of maturity.
Future Planning Survey Name Desired School
Desired Career (1st Choice)
Desired Career (2nd Choice)
Shiota Nagisa
Everyone was starting to find their own answers.
We had four months left to assassinate Korosensei.
Is that octopus seriously doing career counseling?
Bitch-sensei!
In regular clothes!
Yes, regular old cheap clothes.
Just trying to match your regular old world.
What? So you do want to see more skin?
No... Hiding it actually made you more sexy!
In a way, you've grown!
Future Planning Survey Name Desired School
Desired Career (1st Choice)
Desired Career (2nd Choice)
Shiota Nagisa Girls' High School Nurse Maid
Hey, Nakamura-san! You wrote this, didn't you?!
What kind of messed-up career path is this?
Men's work doesn't suit you.
Hey, Nagisa-kun.
Let's hit Thailand or Morocco after graduation.
Thailand Thailand Thailand Thailand Be Reborn!
Be Reborn!
Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco
Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco Thailand
Thailand Thailand Thailand Be Reborn!
Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco
I hear Thailand's pretty popular.
Thailand Thailand Thailand Thailand Be Reborn!
Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco
I'm more concerned about what you might want me to leave behind.
Thailand Thailand Thailand Thailand Be Reborn!
Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco Morocco
Careers, eh?
It feels weird discussing the future with a monster who says he'll destroy the Earth.
My career...
Midterm Report Card, Year 3, Term 2
Class E, Student No. 11 Name: Shiota Nagisa
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
9th Period Yada Touka Round Two Time
So you're looking to become a bureaucrat?
Working behind-the-scenes in running the country...
That's rather restrained for you, Karma-kun.
You know how the politicians were all useless during the last quake?
I can't deny that.
But the country wasn't paralyzed. In fact, it kept functioning remarkably well.
The bureaucrats pulling strings in the shadows must be pretty great.
So that's what I want to be.
Got a problem?
No. I agree that it fits you perfectly.
Terasaka, you should be a politician.
Huh?
A big-mouthed, impulsive fool like you on the ticket?
It'd be a cinch to control you from the wings.
Control me from the wings? You've been watching too many movies, man.
Still, a politician? Where'd that come from?
Future Planning Survey Name Desired School
Desired Career (1st Choice)
Desired Career (2nd Choice)
Nakamura Rio Jasmine Univ. High Diplomat Interpreter
Nakamura-san, you want to be a diplomat?
I never would've thought you'd have such an earnest goal!
That's totally rude!
Believe it or not, they used to call me the grade-school genius.
I aced all the sixth-grade tests as early as first grade,
and I always came in at the top of the class!
But I liked being normal more. I wanted to be normal.
I wanted to get lousy scores and joke about them with my friends.
I managed to get into Kunugigaoka and played dumb
until I wasn't playing anymore.
When I saw my parents' disappointed tears,
I finally began to realize the importance of what I'd lost.
But I still wanted to do dumb stuff with everyone else, too.
This class lets me do both.
Thank you, Korosensei.
Irina-sensei, Irina-sensei!
Future Planning Survey Name Desired School
Desired Career (1st Choice)
Desired Career (2nd Choice)
Shiota Nagisa I want to hear more of your story!
No one looks like they're thinking hard, but they sure are.
I don't know... I need to know the rest!
About that present!
But I... Oh, that?
Look at Irina-sensei.
Men give all sorts different presents, you see, and...
Her sweater still has the size sticker attached.
I got the car I'm driving right now from a guy who insisted I keep it.
She's not used to buying off the rack.
Should we tell her?
I'll get it.
Wow!
But that car was a war trophy I won by coming on to a young tech CEO for intel.
Well, it's not a bad car, so I've been driving it,
but Karasuma was all, "you obtained that car by fraudulent means!"
Last but not least!
So what's your chosen career, Nagisa-kun?
Sensei, I... I think...
I think I have a talent for killing people.
I'd say I could probably get to the Reaper's level one day, too.
For someone with no real strengths like me,
that talent is the best thing I could hope for going forward.
Korosensei... Should I...
Should I become an assassin?
Please... Tell me what path I should follow.
You're a sensible student.
You must have considered the risk and absurdity of becoming an assassin before asking me this question.
Nagisa-kun, there can be no doubt that you have a gift for assassination.
Whether facing a fearsome monster, a violent teacher, or a prodigious assassin,
you have the courage to attack without fear.
For a master killer, that's an indispensable skill.
But, Nagisa-kun...
This courage of yours is fraught with desperation.
You're taking your own safety and dignity too lightly.
"It hardly matters what happens to someone like me."
To what end should you use your talents?
And for whom?
Re-examine these questions. Then we'll talk again.
And if you still want to be an assassin,
I'll support you with everything I have.
Whoa, you beat it? Even the secret boss?!
Not on my first playthrough.
But I managed to beat him on the second round.
Oh, right. Guess it's time to start over!
Continue Continue New Game WiFi Connection Continue
New Game New Game New Game WiFi Connection
WiFi Connection New Game New Game WiFi Connection
I'm home.
Welcome back, Nagisa. Have a seat.
What is it, Mom?
Midterm Report Card, Year 3, Term 2
Class E, Student No. 11 Name: Shiota Nagisa
Your midterms. You came 54th in your grade.
You missed the 50th-place cutoff for returning to the main campus.
But I heard something interesting, you know?
Apparently Tanaka-kun's older brother made it back from 60th place three years ago.
Midterm Report Card, Year 3, Term 2
Class E, Student No. 11 Name: Shiota Nagisa
For Kunugigaoka Junior High Donation Enclosed
After they begged and pleaded with a generous donation in hand, the school made an exception.
So that's what I'll do.
You've got to get out of that E Class as soon as possible.
I'll be speaking with Ono-sensei from the D Class soon.
You'll be coming with me.
H-Hey, wait, Mom!
I want to stay in the E Class!
It's fun, and my grades are improving!
I'll go anywhere you tell me for college and work.
Just please, let me stay where I am for junior—
Uh-oh.
I talked back when she was in a dark mood.
This isn't good.
Here it comes.
Ow!
Watch your mouth! How could I have raised such an unambitious child?
Don't you know that your failures now will haunt you your entire life?
I certainly do!
Why can't you understand your own mother, who only wants to spare you that same pain?!
Here I was, prepared to make a donation to cover for your bad grades!
See what your mother does for you?! Just who do you think you are?!
There's no talking to her when she's like this.
It was my mistake for not speaking up when she was still sunny.
I'm sorry. I had no idea.
Dad hates fighting. He got fed up and walked out.
Now listen.
You're just a child,
so how would you understand how to make your way through life?
But your mom knows all about it!
I have an ideal plan to make sure you don't wind up like me and your father.
Like getting into Keisetsu University.
The top school Mom couldn't pass the entrance exam for.
Choose a school: Keisetsu University
Big companies have colleges they favor,
so your career success depends on your alma mater.
You'll join Hishimaru Corp, where all the executives are Keisetsu grads,
The famous company Mom couldn't get hired into.
Choose a company: Hishimaru
and you'll travel the globe for work!
Oh, and while I'm talking ideals... I so wanted a girl.
She's said that a lot, too.
My parents were all about the studying. Girlishness came second.
That's why I never made it into Hishimaru, with their emphasis on personal appearance.
And that's why I'd teach my daughter all the fashion I could.
See how nice it looks with your long hair?
I don't want to hear it. I'm not a girl.
Her tenacity was chilling.
I'd likely never be able to defy her.
Korosensei saw right through me. I'm not the hero of my own life.
The Game of Life The Game of Life The Game of Life
The Game of Life New Game Continue New Game+
New Game Continue New Game+
Shiota Hiromi Shiota Hiromi Shiota Hiromi
Shiota Hiromi The Game of Life The Game of Life
The Game of Life The Game of Life New Game Continue
New Game+
Shiota Hiromi I'm round two of the "Mom" RPG.
Continue Continue Continue New Game New Game+
New Game New Game+
New Game New Game New Game New Game Continue New Game
Continue New Game Continue New Game+
New Game+
Continue Continue Continue New Game+
New Game Continue New Game Continue New Game Continue
Oh, and...
I'll be coming in tomorrow to ask the E Class teacher for a transfer.
Huh?
Th-That's pretty sudden. He might be busy.
It's for your own good, Nagisa.
Say your goodbyes to the E Class tomorrow.
She's gone dark again.
Nothing I can say will do any good.
I see. So your mother's coming to discuss a class transfer?
What now? Nothing can change her mind once she's determined.
Karasuma-sensei's out on business,
and I can't ask his underlings to step in on his behalf.
Most of all, I don't want to leave the E Class.
Don't worry about a thing.
I'm a super-organism capable of destroying the Earth.
Parent-and-child meetings are no problem!
I-I don't know about this.
Assassination Classroom Second Season Shiota Nagisa
Your mom, huh? She's a tough cookie.
Korosensei said to let him handle it, but...
I could pretend to be your teacher.
Huh?
No.
On paper, Karasuma-sensei is our teacher.
If our parents talk, it won't add up.
Oh.
It's really quite simple.
I'd just need to become Karasuma Tadaomi.
Korosensei?
It's me! Me! Y'know, Karasuma!
What a shoddy dupe!
What's with the scribbling between the eyebrows?
I'm accentuatin' Karasuma's standoffish nature!
Spittin' image, right?
And why do your arms look like sausages?
Those're Karasuma's bulgin' muscles!
Quit obsessing over the most pointless details!
I was uneasy, but all I could do was pray.
At least put on a nose and ears!
Yeah, add a nose and lose the fake drawl!
Pray that Korosensei would be able to convince my mother...
to let me stay in the E Class.
Is that Nagisa's... She's really pretty!
But she does look tough.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Shiota Nagisa's mother.
Please, have a seat. You too, Nagisa-kun.
It's quite a trip, all the way here to the mountains.
How about something cold to drink?
I-I guess that'll do.
You know, you're really quite beautiful, ma'am.
I see Nagisa-kun takes after you.
This one here...
If he were a girl, I would have brought him up to be my ideal.
Your ideal?
Yes... A girl this age looks best with long hair.
I was only allowed to have short hair as a child, you see.
I got mad when he started tying it back for school this year,
but it does look pretty good on him, so I let it slide.
Oh, yes. Future plans.
In my experience, children cannot be allowed to lose ambition at this age.
Kunugigaoka High is one of the best in Tokyo in terms of Kei U acceptances.
Being kicked out after junior high
will hurt both his college chances and his career.
So I'd like your help in getting him out of the E Class.
Have you spoken with Nagisa-kun about this?
He doesn't understand anything yet.
It's only natural for a parent who's tasted failure to set their child's path to avoid it.
Mom?
I—
You hush now, Nagisa, okay?
I see.
I understand why Nagisa-kun came to be who he is today.
A wi—
Yes.
I, Karasuma Tadaomi, wear a wig!
Hairstyles, high schools, and colleges
are not for a parent to decide.
Nagisa-kun must decide for himself.
Ma'am,
Nagisa-kun's life is his to live.
He's not a tool for hiding your own complexes.
As his teacher, let me be very clear:
unless Nagisa-kun wishes it,
I will not permit him to leave the E Class.
What's your deal?! What teacher talks to a parent like that?
How dare you insult me!
You think you're so great that you can nitpick my education plan?!
Yikes!
I won't stand to be lectured by a moron teaching morons out in the mountains!
Holy crap!
Nagisa's mom is pissed!
Nagisa! So all your acts of defiance lately
are because this bald bugger suckered you in?!
Well, watch this!
I'll open your eyes, all right—as far as they'll go!
Korosensei...
Hmm. I was a bit more forceful than I'd planned.
But still...
What's most important is that you make your own intentions perfectly clear.
But right now, since I'm powerless on my own,
maybe I should just be Mom's round two.
I wouldn't say you're powerless at all.
As long as you have the urge to kill, you can do anything.
You began the first round of your own life right here in this classroom.
My... My first round...
Looks good.
Sorry for blowing up in front of your teacher today, Nagisa.
I'm just so invested in you.
Uh-huh.
And, well, I've been thinking.
Huh?
I've decided I will allow no further interference with my life.
I'll remove the obstacles.
I'll give you a new outlook on life...
Nagisa.
School...
Mom?
You went crazy after you were sent down here.
Started disobeying me.
What—
Burn it. Burn down the school— with your own hands.
What are you saying, Mom?
If you light the fire yourself,
you'll feel too guilty to ever show your face to anyone here again.
With your escape route cut off,
we'll go ask a teacher from the main campus to take you.
N-No, I don't want to!
Who do you think raised you?!
Sent you to cram schools? To a private junior high?
Do you have any idea how much time and money you've cost me?!
Every night, exhausted from work, I still made dinner for you!
You have no idea how I've suffered!
That clueless cueball brainwashed you! He turned you against me!
I'm the one who made you! Everything you are!
She's wrong. But she's also right.
How can I express this feeling?
First, you must make your own intentions perfectly clear.
Mom... I—
Quit your screeching, you old bag.
It's almost time for the show.
Wh-Who are you? Get out of my way!
That bloodlust... He's an assassin!
You're the ones in my way.
He comes every Wednesday at ten to watch TV dramas with the autonomous artillery.
As he approaches, I'll kill him with my whip,
splitting his head wide open at the speed of sound.
You'll kill him?
What?
P-Police!
If I kill the kid, the bounty goes up in smoke...
but they don't much care if I kill his old lady.
Mom's afraid. The assassin's let his guard down.
Mom, a life spent watching for your reactions
has cultivated a talent within me.
It may not be the talent you wanted me to have...
but it's that talent that lets me be of use to everyone here.
You began the first round of your own life right here in this classroom.
Mom, I'm putting everything I have into this class now.
And by the time I graduate, I'll get results.
If I succeed, I'll cut my hair...
and pay back all the money you spent to raise me.
If you still can't forgive me...
What's this?
Then I'll graduate from you, too.
Mom...
I'm so, so grateful to you just for giving me life and raising me.
It might be asking a bit much,
but if you could just be happy that your child was born in this world and grew up fairly okay,
everything would be tied up in a neat little bow.
Wh-Who are you? What have you done, Nagisa?
Some undesirables have made this their hangout,
so I recommend staying away at night.
Korosensei...
You just swore fair and square you'd kill me before March. No backsies!
Urgh... I know.
Now then, ma'am... Yes, Nagisa-kun is still immature.
But please, watch over him warmly.
He is not trying to betray you.
He's just getting ready to leave the nest, as everyone must.
Pulling away... from me? Nagisa?
Mom!
It seems she fainted once the adrenalin wore off.
I'll take you back in her car.
So, Nagisa-kun... If you did manage to kill me,
would you go on to use your talent to become an assassin?
Probably not.
Talent isn't just for one specific thing.
Even if my talent is good for assassination,
I want to use it to help people— like how I protected Mom.
And I won't do that by being an assassin.
Way too dangerous, for one thing.
I'll find a career that won't worry my folks.
Take your time.
Oh, and don't forget to make an effort to talk with your parents.
I won't.
Sheesh, cars are so slow, and you have to wait for lights!
How inconvenient can one mode of transportation get?
Korosensei's Weak Point #30:
Easily susceptible to road rage
What's this?
I'll make breakfast from now on,
so you can take it easy before work.
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
The moon that floats in the night sky
I'll take out the garbage and stuff, too,
and I'll get into a high school just as good as Kunugigaoka High!
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
So please, let me stay in this class!
sotto furete mita atatakakute
I went to touch it: it was warm
Do what you want. I don't care.
jinwari suikomareta jinwari suikomareta
And slowly drew me in And slowly drew me in
I am an assassin—
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
holding my head high till graduation!
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo